<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="how_to_program_bulbs_to_groups" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Programming Light Bulbs to a Lighting Group</title>
    <shortdesc>You can program one or more light bulbs to a lighting group to operate that group
        with your remote control.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Kevin Lewis</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2015"/>
            <copyrholder>Remote Lighting Enterprises</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>lighting group<indexterm>programming for light
                    bulbs</indexterm></indexterm>
                <indexterm>programming a lighting group</indexterm>
                <indexterm>light bulbs<indexterm>programming to lighting
                    group</indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <note><keyword
                    conref="intro_max_number_bulbs.dita#intro_max_number_bulbs/paragraph_number_of_lightbulbs"
                />
            </note>
            <p>To program light bulbs to a lighting group:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Make sure your remote control is in range of the light bulbs you are
                    adding.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step id="step_if_bulb_new">
                <cmd>If a network light bulb is new, you must install it by performing the following
                    steps:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_nt1_k44_kr">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Make sure power to the fixture where you are installing the light bulb
                            is turned <b>OFF</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Remove any existing light bulb from the light fixture.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Install the network light bulb into the light fixture as you would any
                            standard light bulb.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Turn power to the light fixture on.</cmd>
                        <stepresult>The light bulb begins to brighten and dim while finding the
                            remote control’s network.</stepresult>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Repeat Step 2 for each new network light bulb.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Turn power on to the fixtures containing network light bulbs you want added to
                    the light group.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step id="step_turn_power_off">
                <cmd>Turn power off to the fixtures containing light bulbs you do not want added to
                    the light group. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the remote control, press and hold the desired lighting group button for 5
                    seconds.</cmd>
                <stepresult>The button indicator for the selected lighting group flashes green while
                    the light bulb(s) are added to the group. If the indicator flashes red, the
                    lighting group was not activated and you must try again. Light flashes red for 3
                    seconds if programming fails.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Leave the light fixture switches <b>ON</b> so that power is available when
                    using your remote control to turn the light bulbs on and off. Also remember to
                    turn on any excluded fixtures that you turned off in Step 4.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
